{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Teori: \
\
Chapter Targeted radionuclide therapy:\
-general \
\
Section: General characteristics\
-Half life, knowledge of decay product, production method and isotopic purity. summary\
\
subsection: Particle interactions and decay mode\
-biological, LET, stopping power, heavy cp vs electrons and why photons are not used\
\
subsection: Production and isotopic purity \
\
Section: 193mPt \
All about it decay mode, potential, other methods etc etc \
\
Chapter Nuclear reaction theory\
section: Deuterons in cyclotron induced cross sections \
\
section: nuclear reaction & cross sections \
section: constraints \
section: Deuterons and \
\
Section Detection of radiation \
Gamma decay \
Radioactivity \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Monitor reactions:
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Fe_56Co: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl216\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2013 Khandaker:  ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2006 Kiraly: Change the EXFOR year from 2009 to 2006\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2008 Ochiai: Change the EXFOR year from 2007 to 2008\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1995 Sudar: The data provided here is from enriched targets. Must add together and average? Ask Andrew\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1993 Tao Zhenian: -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1997 Takacs: Change EXFOR year from 1996 to 1997\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2001 Takacs: ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1994 Wen-rong: change EXFOR year from 1995 to 1994\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Ni_61Cu:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1972 Coetzee: -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1967 Cogneau: -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2013 Haddad: -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2007 Hermanne: ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2013d Hermanne (a): ok??\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2013d Hermanne (b): -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2013d Hermanne (c): -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2013d Hermanne (d): -\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1997 Takacs: ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2001 Takacs: ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}2007b Tacaks: ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}1991 Zweit: ok\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl216\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Chapter discussion: \
189Pt/189Ir:\
The activity of 189Ir was estimated using a single step decay, with timepoints at \
The independent cross section of 189Pt is larger than the cumulative cross section of 189Pt and 189Ir (beta+:100%). The result is unphysical, and the independent cross section is thus negative. From the cumulative cross section, it seems that the majority of the measured cumulative cross section is due to the feeding from 189Pt. There is a possibility that the estimation of the end of beam activity is underestimated, but it is also questionable if something is wrong in the decay data, as the measured cumulative cross sections reported in T\'e1rk\'e1nyi 2006 are also below the independent cross section of 189Pt, up to 32 MeV which is the first measured point. With a Q value of 16.626 MeV, the reaction is energetically possible. \
\
In addition, there is disagreement in previous measured cumulative cross section for 189Ir from 2006 and 2019. \
\
\
}